# 第一部分:   考试内容包括五个部分：
## 一：阅读理解（Part I Reading comprehension） 共15题，考试40分钟。

要求考生阅读三篇短文，总阅读量不超过900个词。 短文选材的原则是：

1. 题材广泛。（人物传记，社会，文化，日常知识，热门话题及科普常识等）
2. 体裁多样。（记述文，说明文，议论文等） 
3. 文章的语言为中等难度。

阅读的技巧: 
1. 未读文章,先知大意.
2. 略读篇章,通晓结构.
3. 题干选项,双管齐下.

例如:
Languages are remarkably complex and wonderfully complicated organs of culture. They contain the quickest and most efficient means of communicating within their respective culture. To learn a foreign language is to learn another culture. In the words of a poet and philosopher, “As many languages as one speaks, so many lives one lives.” A culture and its language are as necessary as brain and body; while one is a part of the other, neither can function without the other. I n learning a foreign language, the best beginning would be starting with the nonlanguage elements of the language: its gestures, its body language, etc. Eye contact is extremely important in English. Direct eye contact leads to understanding, or, as the English saying goes, seeing eye-to eye. We can never see eye-to-eye with a native speaker of English until we have learned to look directly into his eyes.
```
1.The best title for this passage is ______.(主旨题)
A.Organs of Culture         B. Brain and Body    
C. Looking into his eyes        D. Language and Culture
2. “ As many languages as one speaks, so many lives…” means _____.(词汇题)
A. if one learns many foreign languages, one will have a better understanding of his own language.
B. Life is richer and more interesting if one knows several languages
C. no matter how many languages one knows, one can never know more than one’s own culture
D. if a person speaks only one language, he will live a very happy life
```
（细节题）：文章提供的细节与事实（如时间，地点，原因， 结果，特征，方式，数字）的理解程度。
```
In the United States, 40 percent of the adult population has a “weight problem”. To many people, the cause is obvious: they eat too much. But scientific evidence does little to support this idea. Going back to the America of the 1910s, we find that people were thinner than today, yet they ate more food. In those days people worked harder physically, walked more, used machines much less and didn’t watch television.
…
According to the article, given 500 adult Americans, _____ people will have a “ weight problem”.
A. 30  B. 50   C. 200   D. 150
```

（结论题）：总结，推理的能力。
2. By adopting a few simple techniques, parents who read to their children can greatly increase their children’s language development. It is surprising but true. How parents talk to their children makes a big difference in the children’s language development. If a parent encourages the child to actively respond to what the parent is reading, the child’s language skills increase.

A study was done with 30 three-year-old children and their parents. Half of the children participated in the experimental study; the other half acted as the control group. In the experimental group, the parents were given a two-hour training session in which they were taught to ask open-ended questions rather than yes-or-no questions. For example, the parent shout ask, “What is the doggie doing?” rather than “ Is the doggie running away?” The parents in the experimental group were also instructed in how to help children fined answers, how to suggest alternative possibilities and how to praise correct answers.

At the beginning of the study, the children did not differ in measures of language development, but at the end of one month, the children in the experimental group showed 5. 5months ahead of the control group on a test of verbal expression and vocabulary. Nine months later, the children in the experimental group still showed an advance of 6 months over the children in the control group.
The best conclusion we can draw from the passage is that ____. 
A.Parents should be trained to read to their children
B.The more children read, the more intelligent they will become
C. Children’s language skills increase when they are required to respond actively
D. Children who read actively seem six months older

## 二：词语用法和语法结构
```
1.It is certain that he will __ his business ___ to his son when he gets old.
           A. take over  B. think over
           C. hand over  D. go over
2.It is impossible to live in society and be independent ___ society.
           A. on    B. from     
C. in   D. of
3.It is so hot. You should put the food into the refrigerator now. Otherwise, it will __ soon.
           A. harm    B. hurt     
           C. spoil   D. damage         
4.Take the medicine now. I believe it will __ your pain.
           A. release  B. relive  
           C. reject   D. relieve
```           
 
## 三：挑错（Part III Identification）  共10题，考试时间10分钟。
1. It is because she is very devoted to her students which she is respected by them.
2. How could you make such a little child to help you carry the big box?.
3. The salesman told me that a good pair of glasses were supposed to last at least 3 to 4 years.
4. You had better return to your dormitory and to enjoy the company of your room-mates instead of wasting time with me.
5. The tallest of the twins went to search for the missing jewels, the picture of which you saw in today’s newspaper.
6.This morning I heard on the radio which the steel industry has decided to give its employees a 10% raise in pay.
7. “Never I have heard such a thing in my life!”said the old man.
8. The development of industry has also brought about large numbers of problems which have to solve.
9.  You will feel inconvenient in Japan if you can either speak Japanese nor English.
10. A number of errors made by him was surprising.

## 四：完形填空（Part IV Cloze 10%）共 20题，考试时间15分钟。
完形填空是测试英语综合应用能力的试题。它既要求考生熟练掌握所学的词汇(词 义、用法、搭配)与语法知识，更要求他们具有较强的阅读能力；能根据上下文线索，在有限的时间内，从所给选项中做出正确的判断与最佳选择，使短文得以恢复本来面貌，做到文意通顺，结构完整。

## 五：翻译（Part V Translation 20%）共 10题，考试时间30分钟。
翻译部分主要考核 (词汇，语法，句型)等方面综合运用语言的能力。    
1．英译汉
```
He was healthy and strong, but he had very little formal education.
He was one of the richest and most powerful men of his time.
Both sides show no signs of back down.
He goes to work every day at six.
I used to take a walk in the morning.
I went to bookstore yesterday.
```
2．汉译英
```
他十年前搬到这儿的。
他们正在打篮球。
他在这所学校任教多久了？
那个博物馆是五年前建造的。
请带把雨伞以防下雨。 
你应该听老师的话。 
你喜欢流行音乐吗？ 
我会去火车站接你。
不要放弃希望。
这个国家以其美丽的湖泊闻名。
```

近形词 和 近义词
```
adapt(适应),adopt(采纳, 收养) , adjust(调节)
relieve(缓解), release(释放) relive(重生), reject(拒绝), 
raise (vt.提高,饲养), rise(vi.升高), 
arise (vi.出现/发生) (from)由…引起
arouse (vt.唤醒, 引起), 
Recover, discover, cover
affect(v. 影响),effect(n.影响)
```

## 第二部分   语法 
语法是三级英语统考的一个重点， 它体现在五个题型中， 重点集中在以下几个方面：
```
1．时态和语态。
2．情态动词。
3．虚拟语气。
4．非谓语动词。
5．各种从句（主，宾，表，定，状，
同位语从句）。
6．主谓一致，倒装句，强调句，附加疑问  句。
```
注意：句中有具体的时间状语要用过时。

过去完成时 had done

1. When I went to visit Mrs. Smith last week, I was told she _____ two days before.
A.has left             B. was leaving
C. would leave          D. had left

虚拟语气
只是一种愿望，假设或建议等。

虚拟的情况有三种

1，与现在事实相反

2，与过去事实相反

3，与将来事实相反

1．If 引导的虚拟条件句

   （if）从句谓语                      主句谓语
```   
与现在..       be 用were                          would/could+动原
与过去..       had done                             would/could+ have done 
与将来..      were或should/were to+动原            would/could+动原
```
1.If there were no gravity, we should not be able to walk.
If he objects to this project, we will not go on to carry it out.

2.If Bob had come with us , he would have had a good time.

3.If I were to do that thing, I would do it in different method.

主语从句

It is necessary/ important/ essential/vital/urgent/surprising/amazing + that …., 从句的谓语动词用should +动词原形。Should 可省略。

宾语从句

主语+ suggest, require, request, order, demand, insist, advise, propose, recommend +that…., 从句的谓语动词用should +动词原形。Should 可省略。

各种从句

1．名词性从句 （主语从句，宾语从句，表语从句和同位语从句）

2．定语从句

3．同位语从句


（1）主语从句  （从属连词：that(无意义)，whether, if(只引导宾语从句)。

（2）连接代词  what, whatever, which , who, whoever, whom

（3）连接副词  how, when, where, why

定语从句

由关系代词 who, whom, whose, which(指物), that（指人或物） 
状语从句

(时间，地点，原因，目的， 结果，条件，让步，方式, 比较)

1. No sooner had they got the goods covered up than it started raining hard.
2. Where there is a will, there is a way.
3. Now that all are present, Let’s start the discussion.
4. We must hurry up lest we should miss the bus.
5. She told us such an interesting story that we all forgot the time.
6. So long as you study hard, you will make great progress.
7. Although she is young, she knows quite a lot.
8. The students did as their teacher told them.
9. This new coat cost me three times as much as that  one I bought two years ago.

主谓一致， 倒装句，强调句 和附加疑问句

Physics, maths, news , the number of…它们做主语时,谓语动词一般用单数形式.

强调句

It is (was)十被强调部分十 that (who). . .

It was in this school that he had Studied for four years.

附加疑问句
1. She scarcely cares for anything, _?(does she)
2. You never told me you have seen the film, _?(did you)
3. Let’s go,_?(shall we)
4. Please let us have more time, _? (will you)
5. I suppose you’re not serious, _? (are you)

固定词组
```
give off,    散发，      
give up,    放弃
give in,     投降，让步,妥协
by and by, 不久以后，将来  before long
long before, 很久以前
in case,   假如，以防
in case of, 假如，万一，如果发生
by chance, 偶然，碰巧
break out, 突然发生, 爆发      
break off,  中止, 中断
call for, 要求，需要
call on, 访问, 拜访
call off, 取消 
carry on, 继续，坚持下去，从事
carry out, 执行，贯彻

come true,  实现，
come up with, 想出，提出
come to,      苏醒
in common,   共有，
keep company with, 与…交往/结伴
as/so far as…be concerned, 就…而言
consist of…     由… 构成/组成
be composed of,  由… 组成
find out,         发现，找出
in general,       通常，一般来说
get along with,    (与…)和睦相处
get away ,        离开，脱离
get over,         克服
go over,          复习，检查
take over,        接管，占用
talk over,         商量，讨论
think over,        认真考虑
on guard,         警惕，提放
hand in hand,      手拉手，联合
hand in ,          上交
instead of,        代替，而不是
judging by,        根据…来判断
keep from,        阻止,
keep up with,      跟上
laugh at,          嘲笑
lead to,           导致，通向
   a good/great many,  大量的，许多
   by means of,        凭借，用
   make up one’s mind,  决定，下决心
find out,         发现，找出
in general,       通常，一般来说
get along with,    (与…)和睦相处
get away ,        离开，脱离
get over,         克服
go over,          复习，检查
take over,        接管，占用
talk over,         商量，讨论
think over,        认真考虑
on guard,         警惕，提放
hand in hand,      手拉手，联合
hand in ,          上交
instead of,        代替，而不是
judging by,        根据…来判断
keep from,        阻止,
keep up with,      跟上
laugh at,          嘲笑
lead to,           导致，通向
   a good/great many,  大量的，许多
   by means of,        凭借，用
```  
反义词
```
dis  (like, , charge(解除), courage(泄气), advantage,)
il    (legal, literate, logical)
ir    (regular, responsible)
im   (possible, polite) 
in    (dependent, direct, exact, formal,)  
un    (willing, happy, usual, certain, cover, load)
```
北京地区成人本科学士学位英语统一考试2018年

Part 1 Reading Comprehension (30%)

Passage 1 

Questions 1 to 5 are based on the following passage:

   Playing video games can be a fun way to unwind or spend time with friends. In schools, teachers use games like Minecraft to encourage teamwork and critical thinking. (76) But for some players, gaming has become an unhealthy habit. Late at night, they are glued to a screen. Schoolwork suffers. The video-game world seems a friendlier place than the real one.

   Mental health experts have taken notice. In June, the World Health Organization(WHO) added gaming disorder to its list of diseases and health conditions. A person may have the disorder if gaming has damaged his or her relationships with family and friends, and if it has affected his or her daily activities.

   Not all experts agree that excessive gaming should be called a disorder. They say people hooked on video games may be suffering from other mental health problems that should be treated first.

   Others think WTO made the right call. Psychiatrist( 精神科医生 ) Clifford Sussman treats gaming addiction(上瘾 ). (77) He says kids often have feelings of anxiety and loneliness.  They get angry when a parent asks them to stop playing video games.

   What makes video games addictive? Playing excites the brain’s reward center. After a while, the brain becomes numb( 麻木的 ) to pleasure. You feel bored without a controller in your hand. So you play even more.

   One key to healthy gaming is to track how long you play. Sussman recommends taking at least an hour-long break after every hour of play. That gives the brain time to recover.
   Young gamers who think they might have a problem should seek help from an adult. Sussman suggests you first answer a simple question:“Are you in control, or is the game in control?”
```
1. Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
  A. Mental Health Problems           B. Excessive Gaming
  C. Unhealthy Habits                 D. Teamwork Training
2. The word unwind in Paragraph 1 is closest in meaning to ______.
  A. match      B. meet      C. retreat     D. relax
3. Clifford Sussman’s attitude to WHO’s recognition of excessive gaming as a disorder is ____.
  A. supportive   B. doubtful   C. neutral   D. critical
4. Sussman advises game players to ____.
  A. quit playing video games
  B. play sports instead of video games
  C. go to the hospital to get medical treatment
  D. rest for at least an hour after every hour of play
5. According to the passage，Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE？
  A． Video game are addictive.
  B． Video games are never used in classroom teaching.
  C． Excessive gaming may affect a person’s daily activities.
  D.  Some experts don’t think excessive gaming should be called a disorder.
```  
Passage 2

Questions 6 to 10 are based on the following passage:

   Flores Colque celebrated her 118th birthday last month. She is the oldest woman in Bolivia( 玻利维亚 ). Following the death of a woman in Japan earlier this year, Flores Colque may now be the oldest person in the world. Her national paper says Flores Colque was born on October 26, 1900 in the mountains of Bolivia. 

   During her long life, Flores Colque has been two world wars. Her home country of Bolivia had a major revolution. And the town where she is from has grown from 3,000 people to 175,000. But right now, Flores Colque seems mostly interested in her dogs and cats. She has not heard of the Guinness Book of World Records, and she does not care whether experts confirm she is the oldest person alive.

   “ She’s always been active, easygoing and fun,” says her grandniece, who lives with her in a simple home with a dirt floor. Government officials have paid for some improvements to the house, adding a brick path and railings(栏杆) so Flores Colque can walk safely. The mayor’s office calls Flores Colque part of the country’s living history.

   On the day a reporter visited, Flores Colque was playing a small guitar and singing old songs in her native language. “If you would have told me you were coming, I’d have remembered all the songs,” she joked.

   When she was growing up, Flores Colque herded sheep in the Bolivian highlands. (78) Then she moved to a vally, where she sold fruits and vegetables. Those fruits and vegetables became her main food, and she still eats a healthy diet—except for a piece of cake and a glass of soda sometimes. She never married and does not have children. She can not hear very well, but she is alert(机敏的). Flores Colque’s age would make her interesting anywhere, but it is especially notable in Bolivian. The United Nations says the country has one of the South America’s highest levels of death.
```   
6.Which of the following is TRUE?
  A. The oldest person in Japan was born in 1901.
  B. Flores Colque is the oldest person in Bolivia
  C. The oldest person in Japan knew Flores Colque.
  D. Flores Colque has read the Guinness Book of the World Records.
7.According to the passage, Flores Colque lives in ____ now.
  A. Japan    B. North America   C. Europe    D. South America
8. The word herded in the last paragraph can probably be replaced by ____.
  A. made animal move along as a group
  B. fed animals as a group
  C. kept animals from hurting each other
  D. made sure animals did dot follow one another
9. From the passage we learn that Flores Colque once ____.
  A. sang to make a living         B. fought in World War Two
  C. sold fruits and vegetables      D. worked as an animal doctor
10. Which of the following statements about Flores Colque is NOT TRUE?
  A. She is easygoing.             B. She keeps pets.
  C. She remains single all her life.  D. She lives alone.
```

Passage 3

Questions 11 to 15 are based on the following passage:

   Jayden Hairston was very disappointed. More than anything in the world, he wanted to learn how to sing. His school in Yonkers—just north of New York City ---didn’t offer the music instruction he needed. So he begged his parents to sign him up for after-school lessons.

  Jayden’s mother wanted to help her son follow his passion. (79) But private lessons were too expensive. Jayden, then 6 years old, knew exactly what to do. He took out his iPad. Then he began researching after-school arts programs. He soon came across the website for Harlem School the Arts (HSA), in New York City. There, he could take voice and dance lessons. It was a bit far from Yonkers. But he convinced his parents to take him for a visit.

   That was three years ago. Now Jayden is one of HAS’s most active students. He takes singing, dancing, or theater lessons almost every day after school. (80) Last year, he performed in seven productions.

   Like Jayden, students in many communities across the United States have limited access(使用的机会或权利) to arts instruction in schools. HAS is one of many nonprofit groups that bridges this gap by offering affordable arts classes. Groups like HAS are funded by donations( 捐献) and state grants. Many also receive money from the federal government’s National Endowment( 基金) for the arts (NEA).
   The NEA was established in 1965. Its goal is to promote access to the arts for all Americans. Some people, however, believe it’s not the responsibility of the federal government to provide arts funding. President Donald Trump’s 2019 proposal calls on Congress to reduce NEA funding and eventually eliminate the agency. The Trump administration argues that “private and other public sources” already provide funding for the arts. Congress has yet to make a decision.

   Supporters of arts education say cutting the NEA is a bad idea. It could leave many children unable to participate in the arts. That’s because 40% of the agency’s grants go to high-poverty neighborhoods.
```   
11. Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
  A. Arts Education Is Expensive
  B. Jayden Has Great Musical Talent
  C. Some Students Have Limited Access to Arts Instruction
  D. Trump Calls on Congress to Reduce Arts Funding
12. Jayden got the information about HAS from ____.
  A. his mother       B. his music teacher  
C. the Internet      D. the newspaper
13. Jayden Hairston is _____ years old now.
  A. 6          B. 7           C. 8             D. 9
14. The word eliminate in Paragraph 5 is closest in meaning to ______.
  A. criticize    B. remove        C. rebuild       D. run
15. According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?
  A. HSA is a nonprofit group established in 1965.
  B. Congress agrees to Trump’s proposal to cut the NEA.
  C. Art s instruction directly affects students’ academic success.
  D. Jayden takes singing, dancing, and theater lessons at HSA.
```  
Part II Vocabulary and Structure (30%)

Directions: In this part there are 30 incomplete sentences. For each sentence there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then blacken the Corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet.
```
16. On his way home, he suddenly heard his name ______.
   A. calling     B. called      C. to call     D. call
17. There was an ____ look on his face when the actress appeared on the stage.
   A. excited   B. excite        C. exciting    D. excitedly
18. Under no circumstance ____ to tell lies to parents.
   A. children are allowed       B. are children allowed
   C. children will allow         D. will children allow
19. Lily ____ have known the truth, or she would have told us.
   A. mustn’t     B. shouldn’t     C. can’t    D. needn’t
20. George applied for the position three times ___ he finally got it.
   A. before      B. until         C. when   D. after
21. The best way to ____ this goal is to introduce new advanced technology.
   A. cross      B. perform       C. achieve   D. complete
22. The man who was accused ____ stealing the car said that he was not guilty.
   A. for        B. with          C. of        D. about
23. If you want to treat your friends to dinner in a good restaurant at the weekend, you’d better book a tale _____. 
   A. in front     B. before       C. ahead of     D. in advance
24. Can you do the job alone, or do you want someone to ___you?
   A. affect      B. assist        C. apply       D. arrange
25. But for her mother’s sudden illness, she would never think of breaking this ____ with you.
   A. review     B. interview     C. movement    D. appointment
26. If Peter ___ to the office tomorrow, tell him the news please.
   A. come      B. comes        C. came       D. will come
27. Yesterday Mr. Smith bought ___ English dictionary while I got a Russian novel in the bookstore.
   A. a         B. an           C. the          D. /
28. Every day ____ water is wasted here though we are badly short of it.
   A. any      B. a number of    C. a lot of       D. these
29. Lucy got to the station ____ late to catch the train, so she had to wait for the next one.
   A. enough    B. very         C. too          D. rather
30. There are not ____ students in Class One as in Class Two.
   A. many as     B. as many     C. more as      D. as more
31. Your hard work has made the project a success. Without your work it ____ a complete failure.
   A. was      B. were           C. be          D. would have been
32. She speaks English ___ than her brother does.
   A. best      B. better          C. good        D. well
33. ----Must we had in our exercise books today?
   ----Yes, _____.
A.you will     B. you must     C. you do      D. you can 
34. They will have learned Russian for 7 years by the time they ____ from the university next year.
   A. will graduate          B. will have graduated 
   C. graduate             D. are going to graduate
35. ----Why did you sell the old car at such a low price?
   ----I did it only because I was made ____ it. 
A.Do       B. to do         C. doing           D. done
36. When my American friends talk about China, they will always ____ it with the Great Wall.
   A. advertise    B. associate     C. attach          D. combine
37. The company is starting a new advertising campaign to ___ new customers to its stores.
   A. attend      B. attract       C. stick           D. transfer
38. It’s wrong to judge people only according to their family ____.
  A. basis        B. area          C. task         D. background
39. Joe’s friends all have a new bicycle, and he ____ wants one, too.
  A. badly      B. very            C. rather       D. barely
40. Although they plant trees in this area every year, the tops of some hills are still ____.
   A. blank     B. bare       C. hollow        D. vacant
41. ---What has ___ the boy who fell off the bike?
   ---Nothing serious. The doctor says that he can come back to school in a day or two.
A.become of    B. happened with   C. occurred of   D. become with
42. It’s bad ___ for a man to smoke in the public places.
   A. behavior      B. action          C. movement     D. belief
43. I was shocked ____ the president’s words.
   A. with         B. at             C. in             D. for
44. The United States has long been ___ to be among the best places in the world for higher education.
   A. proposed     B. read           C. considered      D. told 
45. In recent years, several companies have developed new English language tests that are low-cost and ___ to use.
   A. easy        B. glad            C. happy           D. well
```

Part III Identification (10%)

Directions: Each of the following sentences has four underlined parts marked A, B, C and D. Identify the one that is not correct. Then blacken the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet.

46.They can read such stories what have been rewritten in simple English.

47.Excuse me, could you please tell me when is the sports meet going to be held?

48.On addition, more than one-third of Americans over the age of 25 have a college degree or higher.

49.Scientists have long struggle with how to measure the effects of climate change on wildlife..

50.Florida’s busiest airport will be the first in the country to scan face of all passengers.

51.Americans are not very creating when it comes to breakfast.

52.Parents today are concerned that their children are spending too many time on a computer or other electronic devices.

53.Hardly had he entered the office that he realized that he had left his report behind.

54.Alice is fond of playing the piano while Henry is interested in listening to the music.

55.The boy sitting by the window is the only one of the students who are from the countryside in our school.  

Part IV Cloze (10%)

Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage, and for each blank there are 4 choices marked A, B, C and D at the end of the passage. You should choose ONE answer that best fits into the passage. Then blacken the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet.

Part V Translation (20%)

Section A

Directions: In this part there are five sentences which you should translate into Chinese. These sentences are all taken from the 3 passages you have just read in Reading Comprehension. You can refer back to the passages to identify their meanings in the context.

76. But for some players, gaming has become an unhealthy habit.
77. He says kids often have feelings of anxiety and loneliness.
78. Then she moved to a valley, where she sold fruits and vegetables.
79. But private lessons were too expensive.
80. Last year, he performed in seven productions.


Section B

Directions: In this part there are five sentences in Chinese. 

You should translate them into English. Be sure to write clearly.

81. 我们刚才去超市了。
82. 由于大雨，到处都出现了交通拥堵。
83. 如果不能来开会，请告诉我。
84. 外面太嘈杂了，我无法集中精力。
85. 早餐我通常吃面包和鸡蛋。
